Given our input and marked S as the start.
Beam from the S move downwards until it reaches a splitter
once reach the splitter the speam splits into 2
Edge case: left or right might be outside of boundary or interfere with other Beam

If I'm a dot and above me is a beam then i should transform to beam
If I'm a splitter and above me is a beam then I should split beam beside me left and right
and increment split count

so S can be | beam

above will be? one row above and same column - should not be out of bounds
splitter left col and right col should be out of bounds

go through from second line

if i am a dot then check neighbour above me before my row and in same position
if they are a beam than mark me as beam
if i am a splitter and my above neighbour is a beam then create 2 beams beside me and increase split count


my data structure
[[], [], []]

so that we can index and update easily.

part 1 done. wow, thinking and writing here helps a lot.

part 2. many worlds? seriously?

when we encounter a spit we should go either left or right and complete the path.

we need to find out all the timelines in which the particle completes the path.

exploring all paths? looks like a recursion?

when we encounter a splitter we previously did left and right both split but this time we should take left path and see where the road takes
and then choose right path and see where the road takes. whether we could be able to complete the path or not.

how many times we can complete that is the answer? always it finishes right? we need to find all left right paths?

when we encounter a splitter we need to send the beam to the left first and send the state to solver again. 

until when? until we reach the last row then return. what does our solver do? it takes in the input goes through the row...not

i have to get better understanding of this...

create recursion with the input data copy when we encounter splitter? counter increment when we reach the dead end?

last line will always be dots.

start from 2

apply as usual if it is dot

else mutate left state - copy and recurse
     mutate right state - copy and recurse

    send the row id as well incr by 1

if the row id is equal to len return. incr count.